You said that Su Wanqiu is the minister and he is the minister
You stinky beggar trash pursuit
What qualifications do you have to be with me and Tianao?
If you don't achieve enough and lose more
He really can't beat you
Grandpa, what you said before still doesn't count
Our late autumn
As long as you help Su Zhi Group get it
Eligibility for staying in Wancheng
Just let him do it.
You don't want me to say if your brain is squeezed by the door
I deliberately used this to make fun of it.
Grandpa said sarcasm
Why do you say so?
You know what to ask
People like you who sprinkle salt in the mall overnight
It's worse than pigs and dogs
And your paternity
Take your beggar husband back quickly
Don't come out disgusting
You're disgusting. What do you mean?
Grandpa, I must be here to cause you trouble this time.
Instead, I'm here to bring you the good news.
What good news?
Wanchen's settlement plan has been completed.
How is this possible? It's up to you.
Keep your eyes peeled.
This is the agreement for Quality Group to settle in Wancheng
We're done betting